README.md, before:

# MoscowJS — moscowjs.org

Site of MoscowJS, JavaScript meetup group in Moscow.

## Contributing

By contributing to moscowjs.org, you agree to abide by the [code of conduct](/code-of-conduct.md).

1. Fork the repo
2. Checkout the `main` branch
3. Install dependencies

```
git clone https://github.com/MoscowJS/moscowjs.org
cd moscowjs.org
npm install
```

4. Create a new branch from the develop branch.
5. Make your changes. Make sure the command `npm run build` is passing.
6. Commit and finally send a GitHub Pull Request with a clear list of what you've done (read more [about pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/)). Make sure all of your commits are atomic (one feature per commit) and have meaningful commit messages.

## Data sources

1. Pages — https://airtable.com/shrESYQUdFwE3B9Pw
2. Navigation — https://airtable.com/shrVjBdqtUMxPXkI4
3. Events — https://airtable.com/shrriv6tz5JOHmO8g
4. Talks — https://airtable.com/shrxodFEExyrch9A6
5. Speakers — https://airtable.com/shrDgVtkzHCh8wKv1
6. Companies — https://airtable.com/shrspKnmfnArZ3XQJ

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 MoscowJS Team

See [LICENSE](/LICENSE). for full text.

Commit message:

move personal access token to local env file + update docs

README.md, after:

# MoscowJS — moscowjs.org

Site of MoscowJS, JavaScript meetup group in Moscow.

## Contributing

By contributing to moscowjs.org, you agree to abide by the [code of conduct](/code-of-conduct.md).

1. Fork the repo
2. Checkout the `main` branch
3. Install dependencies

```
git clone https://github.com/MoscowJS/moscowjs.org
cd moscowjs.org
npm install
```

4. Create a new branch from the develop branch.
5. Make your changes. Make sure the command `npm run build` is passing.
6. Commit and finally send a GitHub Pull Request with a clear list of what you've done (read more [about pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/)). Make sure all of your commits are atomic (one feature per commit) and have meaningful commit messages.

## Development

To start local development, you need a personal access token for Airtable. Create the one on https://airtable.com/create/tokens (you need read access 
for Meetups and MoscowJS.org bases).

Add created token to the file `.env.development.local`

## Data sources

1. Pages — https://airtable.com/shrESYQUdFwE3B9Pw
2. Navigation — https://airtable.com/shrVjBdqtUMxPXkI4
3. Events — https://airtable.com/shrriv6tz5JOHmO8g
4. Talks — https://airtable.com/shrxodFEExyrch9A6
5. Speakers — https://airtable.com/shrDgVtkzHCh8wKv1
6. Companies — https://airtable.com/shrspKnmfnArZ3XQJ

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 MoscowJS Team

See [LICENSE](/LICENSE). for full text.
